initial draft on Headers documentation (#817)
dream11/zio-http: docs/website/docs/dsl/headers/index.md

# Headers

ZIO-Http provide support for all HTTP (as defined in [RFC2616](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616) ) headers and the library user's may define and use custom headers too.

## Server side

### Attaching Headers to `Response`

> In the server side implementation, `zio-http` is adding a collection of pre-defined headers to any response, according to http specification, but on top of them, user's of the library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the server-side implementation, `ZIO-HTTP` is adding a collection of pre-defined headers to any response, according to the HTTP specification, but on top of them, users of the library may add other headers, including custom headers.
```
